---
layout:     post
title:      "Goals 2017"
date:       2017-01-20 15:17:0
summary:    Hello World
categories: Personal
---

Hello everyone, this is again that time of the year when we all make our list that we wish to get done this year. Like everyone else I have prepared mine too but instead of keeping them to myself this year I am gonna get out and share with everyone else.

My goals are a bit different than everybody else. I have decided to be a student once again, **I want to learn how to learn**. In past years intentionally or unintentionally I have always looked at others for meaning of success and did whatever that made me achieve that, well it wasn’t that damaging but In between all this I lost my creativity, I lost my own reason to be educated in the first place. So this year I am gonna step aside from all the past experience, habits etc and start fresh at everything right from the scratch.

This is my list(in no particular order) that i think will work for me: 

- DEFCON17
- Learn 2 new foreign languages(read, write and speak).
- Cold Showers(Already 20 days in only 345 more to go).
- Complete as many MOOCs as possible(at least 1 every 2 months).
- Read 25 good books(apart from academics) this year.
- Prepare a working morning ritual.
- Be yellow on codeforces, solve more of mathematical problem than other categories.
- Get selected and complete Gsoc this year.
- Workout 1 hour everyday to lose about 15Kg of weight this year(currently 85kg) .
- Donate money for better education in my village.
- Master one imperative language, one functional language, one web development language and framework and python.
- Complete Pwnable.kr, overthewire, smashthestack and other wargames.
- Participate in as many ctf’s as possible.
- Maintain a journal, to keep track of daily progress.
- Practice good vocabulary everyday.
- Practice guitar(learn 3-4 good songs).
- Work with a NGO, donate clothes, books, organize a langar on my birthday.
- Write summary for every challenge I solve, research papers i read, new exploitation techniques i learn.
- Write and read code everyday.
- Be a more active radare2 contributor and complete COOP Generator.

I want to thanks my friend [sidak](http://sidakpal.com/) for making me realize the importance of social commitment and inspiring me to make my own.
